{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 StatSolve: Created by Arun Eswara\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nowadays, data rules the world.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Big data encompasses almost every aspect of human interaction, from understanding news and global policies to interacting with technology. In such a data-driven ecosystem, it\'92s often difficult to understand the statistical significance of data and draw accurate conclusions. As incorrect information continues to permeate news and social media, it is all the more important that we understand how to interpret and analyze data on our own.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 For that reason, I created the StatSolve Swift Playground. This playground, intended to run on Swift Playgrounds 3.3, runs in two parts.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 First, there is a 3 part questionnaire in order to determine the type of statistical test. The application supports 8 types of statistical evaluations, including 4 confidence intervals and 4 hypothesis tests for one or two data sets for data means or proportions.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 After determining the appropriate statistical test, the program inputs the statistical values via the user interface. For 1 data set, this is the average or proportion, standard deviation, and sample size. For 2 data sets, the program requires the averages, standard deviations, and sample sizes of both data sets. Then, a Z-Test or Z-Interval is created on the data via a Z-Procedure to confirm statistical significance.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 In addition, I created the platform to be able to expand to additional tests. If given the number tables to estimate normalCDF and/or tCDF/invT, the program will also be able to perform T-Tests and T-Intervals, or perform Z-Tests/Intervals with different confidence levels.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The StatSolve platform was created with personalization and automation in mind. The questionnaire platform is intended to automatically detect the correct statistical method of evaluation and easily import statistical values. In a world full of data and numbers, StatSolve is my contribution to help understand and interpret this influx of information.\
}